Credentials:

Standard user: username user, password: user
Admin user: username: admin, password: admin


Functionality:

index page:
       1. Search
          when click on "Search on UofTExchange", the result will show all the items posted,
          if there is no input in the "Search item" input box, or show items related to the
          input otherwise.

          The search function will requires a server call to pull related result from database.
          As a result, in phase1, after clicking the search button, it will generate the page
          with hardcoded posts array in class.js as a demonstration.

       2. Log In
          The page will jump to login page

       3. My cart
          If user did not log in, the page will jump to login page.
          Otherwise, the page will jump to the user's shopping cart.


login page:
       1. Log in
          Please use the credentials as in "Credential" section above to log in.
          Log in using Admin credential will jump to the admin dashboard. Log in using
          normal user credential will jump to the profile page.

       2. Sign up
          Note： the newly created user will not be saved in this phase.
          In Phase2, we will implement this functionality by saving user information in the database
          when "submit" is clicked on, and look up this user information when log in.



Create account page:
        1. Enter account information that will be used to add a new user to the database.

        2. As noted above, this functionality will be implemented in phase 2.


items page:
       1. Sorting items (View by price/type/post date)

       2. Add to Cart
	  When the user clicks "Add to Cart" in a certain posting, that item will be added to "My cart" and the user can
	  see the number of items in "My cart" has incremented by 1. The "Add to Cart" button will also change to a highlighted 
	  "Remove from Cart" button. If the user choose to "Remove from Cart" of an item, the shopping cart will also remove
	  the item and the user can see the number of items in "My cart" has decremented by 1.

       3. Contact the Seller
          Since the implementation of the chatting system requires a server and more back end support, 
	  for phase 1, our message box is hard coded. Therefore, we hard coded to make the first
	  "Contact Seller" button work in the post of "user1 user1". When the user clicks "Contact Seller",
	  the user should enter a chat box with the corresponding seller. The first "Contact Seller" button works and 
	  shows as an example of what the user should see when they click any "Contact Seller" buttons in Phase 2. 
		
	  Note: We will have all the "Contact Seller" buttons work well when the chatting system works in Phase 2.

       4. Buy this Item




user profile page:
       1. Edit profile information
          (1)User will be able to edit their profile picture, bio, phone number, email address and payment method.

          (2)User will select "Choose File" under the profile picture and then select a picture on his or her computer.
	  For Phase 1, it works up until the point that the file selected is correctly showing its name on the page.  

	  (3)User will click on the "pencil" icons to make edits to bio, phone number and email address. After the user is
	  done with the edits, the user will click on the "save" icons to save the changes made.
	
	  (4)User will click on the payment method drop down box and select their preferred payment method. Here is only for the
	  profile information, we don't ask to fill in credit card information. That will be handled when the user actually purchase
	  a book online from the posting page.
	  
	  Note: To show the effect of changing profile picture, we decided to use PHP or jQuery in Phase 2 to store the input 
	  	files and implement the full functionality then. In Phase 2, the picture uploaded will be stored
          	in database.

       2. Manage Shopping Cart
	  


       3. Chat with Others (functionality for both user and admin)
          When click on the the "chat" icon on the top-right side of the page.
          A dropdown list of messages will show up and when click on the messages,
          a chatbox will show up at the bottom-right.

          User can send messages using the chatbox to other users.

          Note: In phase 2, we will use database to store messages and load previous messages
                to chat window.

       4. Posts I've Made
	
	
       5. Log Out


admin dashboard page:
        1. Side Navigation Bar:
            The side navigation bar will be open when click on the 'hamburger' icon,
            and be closed when click on the 'close' icon in the side navigation bar.

            The main part the page will jump to the corresponding section when click on
            the tags "Dashboard", "Users", "Posts" and "Transactions"

        2. Chat with Others:
            See item 3 in user profile page

        3. Manage Posts:
           When click on 'edit', the post section will change to edit mode, and the admin will
           be able to delete a post by clicking on the "close" icon.

        4. Manage Users:
            When click on "show more / show less", more or less users will be displayed.
            Admin will be able to delete a user when click on the corresponding delete button,
            or view a user's profile in detail when click on "View Detail".

            The search bar is already function and can correctly remove user from the page.
            But actual delete user will require the assistant of server, which will be
            implemented in phase2.

        5. Manage Transactions:
            The transactions which have not been processed by the admin yet will show up in
            this section.
            When click on the green check icon, the admin will approve the transaction and
            when click on the red cross icon, the admin will deny the transaction.



Post-ad page:
        1. There are three section that the user must complete in order to post a new ad of the
           item they want to sell. Note: this page was designed using a css framework.

        2. Each section must be filled out, otherwise an alert message will warn the user to
           complete each field.

        3. If a price is entered AND a radio button is selected, it will prioritize the entered
           monetary amount.

        4. Upon successfully posting a new ad, the site will redirect the user back to their
           profile page. In phase 2, when there we have a database, it will redirect the user
           to the search page containing their new post.
	
	5. There is a back button to the right of the top navigation bar. The user can go back to the
	   list of postings page should he or she decided not to make a post.



Payment method page:
        1. Standard payment method form page. User will enter all fields and click "Pay now" to
           complete payment.






